well as the diplomacy continues so does
the fighting as we've mentioned at least
70 people were reportedly killed in
jabalia in Northern Gaza the Israeli
Army said it has completed the
dismantling of hamas's command structure
in the northern Gaza Strip among those
killed in southern Gaza is Hamza Al
dadul an Al jazer journalist and
cameraman who was reported to have been
hit by an Israeli drone strike Hamza had
been working alongside his father who is
the aler correspondent in Gaza this is
why pictured at his son's funeral along
with other members of his family dozens
of journalists have been killed in Gaza
since fighting began 3 months
ago one more on this I'm joined Now by
Jody Ginsburg from the committee to
protect journalists thanks very much for
being with us do you have any more
information about how this happened so
what we believe is that Hamza was in a
car with a freelance journalist and
another um member of Al jazer staff uh
and they were on the road between KH
yunes and Rafa when their car was hit by
a drone strike we understand understand
that they were on route to an area
designated a humanitarian Zone to report
on on bombings in that area when the car
was hit and so far it's been a deadly uh
conflict to report on Ian there's
obviously casualties amongst the people
who live there but also on on
journalists tell us about the way
journalists are managing the risks there
well as you say it's been the deadliest
Conflict for journalists that that the
committee to protect journalists has
ever documented and we've been doing
this work for more than uh three decades
more than 75 journalists have been
killed since October the 7th it's
extremely difficult to manage the risks
we need journalists and it's really only
gazan journalists who are able to
document this war because International
journalists have have had very little
access almost impossible to get into
Gaza they're the only ones doing this
work and so they're traveling to places
like hospitals uh like uh uh refugee
camps to report on the effects of the
war but those places themselves are also
under attack so so there's nowhere
really safe for journalist to operate
and tell us about the reaction from from
Al jazer and and whether there's going
to be any kind of proper accountability
as as to what happened here so Al jazer
have condemned this killing uh they've
accused the Israelis of deliberately
targeting the journalists we as the
committee protect journalists continue
to demand independent investigations
into these deaths uh we've seen a number
of cases where journalists clearly
wearing wearing press Insignia where it
was known that they were operating have
been killed and it's really important
that we see investigations that those
responsible are held accountable
journalists as civilians and must never
be targeted uh in a war Jody Ginsburg
from the committee to protect
journalists thank you very much indeed
for joining us thank you